# OLYMPIC-DATABASE-DESIGN
We want to design and implement a database in MySQL for storing the information of all athletes and their participation in the Olympic Games held over the past years. Summer Olympics have been held since 1896 (1928 for women). Of course, you are not expected to populate the database with all the athletes from all these years – just enough to answer the queries that we wish to present.  ▪ An athlete has an Athlete_id, Athlete_name, gender, country, and a birth date. ▪ Each Olympiad has the year, a season (summer or winter), the country where it took place, and the city. For example, the 2008 summer Olympic Games were held in Beijing, China. ▪ Every athlete in the database participates in at least one Olympiad. An athlete can participate in several events in one Olympiad and can, in fact, participate in more than one Olympiad. For example, Michael Armstrong participated in the swimming, diving, and water polo events. Ian Thorpe participated in the Sydney 2000 summer Olympics and won 3 gold and 2 silver medals. In Athens 2004, he won two gold, one silver and one bronze medal. ▪ An event has a sport name, event name and event type. ▪  Schedule and Result has date, event details  which athletes were scheduled to compete in which events and how they placed, and who the winner(s) of the event was (e.g., what kind of medal they were awarded). You may assume that null values are used for winners and placings until the event has been held. For example, the women’s 100 m backstroke swimming held in summer 2008 Olympics resulted in a gold medal (finished in 1st place) for Natalie Coughlin from USA in a time of 58.96. ▪ Events in the Olympics may be either individual or team events. If it is a team event, we wish to know who the members of each team were. 
